{id: ch-conclusion}
# Conclusion
Throughout this book we touched a broad variety of different topics and services that we consider the core concepts of Alibaba Cloud. Most of it serves as a starting point for you to dive deeper into the relevant topics and to explore what Alibaba Cloud has to offer in more detail by yourself. While we believe that the content in this book gives a comprehensive overview about the most important topics for a fast ramp-up, other topics have not been touched at all. This includes our platform capabilities in the realm of Big Data, Artificial Intelligence, Media Services, Internet of Things, and also Digital Finance. As an example from the Big Data and analytics, Alibaba Cloud Realtime Compute for Apache Flink is worth mentioning. It is powered by Ververica and developed by Alibaba Cloud based on Apache Flink. It is an enterprise-level, high-performance system that is used to process big data in real time. It is officially released by the founding team of Apache Flink and has a globally uniform commercial brand. This system is fully compatible with the APIs of open source Flink and provides a wide range of value-added features for enterprises that are jointly developed by Alibaba Cloud and Ververica.
Also, we did not cover cloud-native technologies on our cloud platform. For example, Alibaba Cloud provides a state-of-the-art Kubernetes service which as ranked by Gartner as the leading provider for bare-metal based Kubernetes clusters. Also, its strong focus on open-source standards and providing fully managed versions of Prometheus and our Container Registry's support for CNNF's DragonFly (https://d7y.io/) and reliable cross-region replication (including Mainland China) are features that stand out and enable our customer's to quickly and efficiently build highly-scalable cloud-native applications.

Thus, we would like to conclude this chapter with a list of recommend links to the topics that were not or only partly covered to enable our readers to efficiently ramp-up on these fields via self-study. 

In general, we recommend our technical documentation as the best source for learning about our cloud services in detail. 

The international documentation is available at https://www.alibabacloud.com/help while the domestic documentation can be found at https://help.aliyun.com.
At the time of this writing, the domestic documentation is more comprehensive, up to date, and covers the entire service portfolio. It is, however, only available in Chinese. The state of the international documentation is catching up quickly, though.

Another great source for self study is the Alibaba Cloud Academy which can be found here: https://edu.alibabacloud.com/
It provides free e-learning courses and also so-called *Clouder* courses which lets you quickly understand an Alibaba Cloud product or solution architecture while earning a digital certification. The free e-learning courses feature a broad selection from infrastructure Big Data and Analytics, and Internet of Things. It also includes an elaborate course that focuses exclusively on cloud-native. It was jointly developed by CNCF and Alibaba Cloud and is completely free of charge. It is available here: https://edu.alibabacloud.com/certification/university-cloudnative

Last but not least we also recommend our official Alibaba Cloud blog at https://www.alibabacloud.com/blog. It is constantly updated with technical articles that feature great insight into the technology landscape of Alibaba Group in general, and also hands-on articles on common solution architectures and their respective implementation on Alibaba Cloud. Be sure to check this blog out for the latest updates on Alibaba Cloud technology and announcements.

We hope that this book will be valuable to you by helping you to get the most out of Alibaba Cloud and to be successful with your technical endeavours and digital business. If you spot any typos, erros, or have feedback in general please do not hesitate to contact us at https://www.alibabacloud.com/about/contact-us