# Introduction
Technology and in particular today's Public Cloud platforms are evolving fast at an incredible pace while books are rather static with "release cycles" measured in years. Many technology books are already outdated they day they are published. This begs the question why anyone would want to read - let alone write - a book about one of the fastest moving targets in the information technology industry: Alibaba Cloud.

Having spent many years working with different cloud platforms it has become clear that the underlying principles and concepts of just about any cloud platform do not change half as fast as new services and features are being added about almost every single day.
These core concepts serve as the fundament for just about anything that's being built upon and offered by the platform. A thorough understanding and mastery of these concepts is crucial for successfully building and operating anything between a simple web application and the next bing thing with millions of users spread around the globe. Many of those concepts are valid for years and are only very carefully touched by the product groups that are building the cloud platform.

This book will dive deep on the core concepts of Alibaba Cloud, and best practices that have stood the test of time and have been successfully applied at many customer project. You will learn how and why things are working the way they are, and how and why you should do things in a certain way when using the Alibaba Cloud platform. Once you got the hang of the underlying principles, and the "Ali-way" of doing things, building, testing, monitoring, and operating will become much more enjoyable. It will also help you reason about the behavior and limitations of our big portfolio of managed services in the area of Big Data, IoT, Analytics, Compute, Storage, and Network.

Over the past years we had the joy of working with many different kinds of customers in different verticals, ranging from small startups, to big enterprise players. As broad and diverse as this range is, as similiar are the questions and uncertainties each and everyone of my customers had when they started building and operating real-world workloads on Alibaba Cloud. This book is the result of our accumulated experience we have gained during these years. Most of our Alicloud brain is in it. We hope that you will enjoy reading it and that it will help you in reaching your full potential with cloud-based solutions.

## Why Alibaba Cloud
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.

## Who Should Read This Book
This book is intended for anyone who wants to get a thorough understanding about the core concepts of Alibaba Cloud along with best-practices and migration strategies. If you have a basic knowledge, that will help but it’s not a requirement. We start off with a thorough discusion on the principles of Account Management, Authentication and Authorization, Billing Management, and our geography-based data center architecture. After that we will look at the different concepts and approaches for securing, auditing, and monitoring your accounts and workloads, as well as modern approaches on automating different aspects of your system ranging from service provisioning and configuration to build and deployment pipelines. We will then continue this book with a deep discussion on our best-practices to design for high-available and fault-tolerant systems on Alibaba Cloud. After that we will look at how to integrate geographically disperse applications. Finally, we will devote the last chapter to our recommended approaches and services to design nd implement reliable migration paths for different kind of workloads from public cloud providers such as Amazon Web Services.

If you are an architect, a consultant, an administrator, or really anyone who just wants a better knowledge of the Alibaba Cloud core concepts and best-practices that are supported by code examples, this book is for you. We do not make any assumptions regarding the reader's level of knowledge.

## How To Read This Book
Here is a glance at what's in each chapter:
- **Chapter 1: Introduction** is where you are right now. 
- **Chapter 2: Governance** focuses on the fundamental aspects of Account Management, User and Permission Management, Billing Management, our geography-based data center architecture, and our Service Level Agreements (SLAs).
- **Chapter 3: Interacting with Alibaba Cloud** dives into the various means on how programmatically manage and debug our service portfolio. We will discuss the general API model of Alibaba Cloud and tools that support you in your daily work.
- **Chapter 4: Securing Your System** discusses proven best-practices and methodologies to secure your account, and networking environment. Additionally, we will also look at how to audit your system to quickly analyze who has done what at which point in time. 
- **Chapter 5: Automation** explores different ways, technologies, and tools to automate the configuration of your services such as *Elastic Compute Service* (ECS), to setup build and deployment pipelines for container-based applications, and declarative tools such as Terraform to automate the management of your cloud resources lifecycle.
- **Chapter 6: Architecting for High-Availability and Fault-Tolerance on Alibaba Cloud** looks in depth at proven practices and recommendations to make your system and application architecture robust and resilient against sudden unpredictable traffic spikes and service interruptions.
- **Chapter 7: Observability** focuses on different scenarios and services that help you to understand the current state your application is in, and to troubleshoot unusual and non-expected behaviour of your system.
- **Chapter 8: Global Cross-Border Integration** explores the various networking services Alibaba Cloud offers to implement and manage global and hybrid cross-border network integration projects.  
- **Chapter 9: Migration Paths** gives an overview about our best-practices and dedicated service offerings and tools that help you to migrate workloads from your on-premises data center or public cloud providers such as Amazon Web Services to Alibaba Cloud.
